# Good morning? 
* [ ] yes
* [ ] yes

## Today is ***Wednesday the 12th of February, the 7th week of the year***.
## The time is ***7:30 am***.
### Start the day
* today, do you have:
	* [ ] Work
	* [ ] Appointment
	* [ ] Other:    

* get ready
	* stack
		* [ ] vyvanse
		* [ ] caffeine
		* [ ] D+K2
	* [ ] pray
	* [ ] pushups
	* [ ] vanity
	* eat
		* [ ] breakfast:
		* [ ] lunch:
		* [ ] dinner:
	* clean
		* [ ] 
	* GYM!
		* [ ] 
	* study
		* [ ] 
	* other
		* [ ] 
* [ ] make three goals
	* [ ]  
	* [ ]  
	* [ ] 

### Notes

* *07:30* **:**   

* *12:38* **:**   it will be ok no matter what  


### End the day
* stack
	* [ ] mirt
	* [ ] ZMA
* [ ] ice freezing
* [ ] alarm
* [ ] light conditions

everything you said was fair. you're not asking for more than should be guaranteed you and I'm sorry that the way I've been treating this relationship has made you as insecure as it has. to me. I've been doing a lot of thinking about this too.
Between the physical distance and the financial burden thereof, my emotionally controlling parents, and the things like work and gym and uni that take huge amounts of time out of my day that i can't negotiate down, this is really hard.
you asked if I don't see this lasting a long time and to be completely honest I don't. It was foolish of me to start a relationship when I couldn't foresee this happening.
You shouldn't be feeling like a liability.
I wish I had it in me to keep trying, but I can only see myself getting more overwhelmed by the rest of life as the time goes on and that can only make things harder on us.
I'm really sorry. You're the kindest soul I've ever known and I realise how badly I treated you. I tried hard to keep showing the same affection you showed me but I just don't fucking know how to do it.
I have to break up with you. Not because buying you flowers or planning a date is beyond me but I just can't give you what you need emotionally.